### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?

A free and open-source relational database management system emphasizing extensibility and SQL compliance.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?

SQL is a database managment system, primarily used for e-commerce. PostgreSQL is an advanced version of SQL.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?

Log into your A2 hosting account using SSH

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?

HAVING only applies to groups as a whole.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?

Inner joins result in the interestion of two tables, outer joins result in the union of two tables.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?

ORM stands for Object-relational mapping. It is a programing tecnique for converting data between incompatable type systems using OOP.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?

  The behavior is virtually the same aside from what's on the client side.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?


A CSRF token is a unique, secret, unpredictable value that is generated by the server-side application and transmitted to the client in such a way that it is included in a subsequent HTTP request made by the client. When the later request is made, the server-side application validates that the request includes the expected token and rejects the request if the token is missing or invalid. They can prevent CSRF attacks.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
Generates hidden feild that includes an encrypting token.